Here is my point of view.
Politics and organizations are a fact of life, so be aware of your
surroundings, find allies and supporters from other people,
managers, and leaders.
Sometimes it might actually be harder to convince developers than managers,
so be prepared for some amount of resistance,
which can be managed and dealt with by providing education,
information,
training examples, and experts to coach the team along. Metrics and
reporting progress is mandatory for your success.
Don't shoot from the hip on this one.
Ensure that everyone is okay with being patient and
allowing time for kanban to take hold.
Otherwise, it might appear that kanban is making things worse.
Okay, now let's summarize this module.
Here are the key points of this module.
Management buy‑in will take some preparation.
Management can be focused on risk aversion and the bottom line of the business,
so you'll need to prepare.
I have illustrated in this module that I recommend a
presentation format and not an email or a letter.
I want you to stand up and present and hit each point of their
concerns face to face with good eye contact.
Next is team acceptance.
Many of us have been building the applications and systems for many years,
so this change could be daunting.
I discussed the phases of change and, in particular, the ADKAR model.
Be aware of those phases so you can prepare to coach and support your team
through the change. Either starting out for the first time with kanban or
ramping up, start prudently by first using a pilot. Select your team and the
value stream that they'll be working on.
The results of the pilot are to evaluate feasibility to management,
educate, and train your team.
Also,
to identify where you need to change or improve your approach. It is important
to measure your success through applying some simple metrics.
This will instill trusted management and self‑confidence in your team,
both valuable.
Now let's see what's coming up in the next module.
Up next is the final module on Applying Key Learning Objectives. See you there.